feat: Asynchronous pipeline creation (#2604)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: apps/typegpu-docs/src/content/docs/apis/pipelines.mdx

```
:::

## Initialization

Pipeline initialization involves resolving the pipeline code, creating the shader module, and creating the underlying WebGPU pipeline.
This happens automatically the first time the pipeline is executed via `.draw`, `.dispatchWorkgroups`, or a similar method.

> The `initSync` and `initAsync` methods let you perform this work ahead of time, avoiding a stall on first execution.

Reviewer: I'm missing the explanation of when one should use `initSync` as opposed to `initAsync` and vice versa. On the other hand, it's non-trivial to explain it briefly 🤔

Maybe:

```suggestion
Pipeline initialization involves resolving the pipeline code, creating the shader module, and creating the underlying WebGPU pipeline.
This happens automatically the first time the pipeline is executed via `.draw`, `.dispatchWorkgroups`, or a similar method.
The `initSync` function lets you jump-start that initialization on the WebGPU process early. To await until the initialization actually finishes and avoid a stall on first execution, you can use the `initAsync` function instead.
```

Author: I updated this paragraph and added commented snippets, tell me what you think

```ts twoslash
import tgpu from 'typegpu';
const root = await tgpu.init();
const mainCompute = tgpu.computeFn({ workgroupSize: [1] })(() => {});
const pipeline = root.createComputePipeline({
  compute: mainCompute,
});
const myPipelines = [root.createComputePipeline({
  compute: mainCompute,
})];
// ---cut---
pipeline.initSync();

> await Promise.all(myPipelines.map((pipeline) => pipeline.initAsync()));

Reviewer: I'd make the snippets a bit easier to read, I think people are familiar with how to await multiple promises at once, so we can skip doing that ourselves here for the sake of readability
```suggestion
pipeline.initSync();
// or
await pipeline.initAsync();
```

```
:::

## Initialization

Pipeline initialization involves resolving the pipeline code, creating the shader module, and creating the underlying WebGPU pipeline.
This happens automatically the first time the pipeline is executed via `.draw`, `.dispatchWorkgroups`, or a similar method.
The `initSync` method lets you start the initialization early.

> To wait until initialization actually finishes on the device (fully avoiding a stall on first execution), use `initAsync` instead.

Reviewer 2: I would stress here (and **especially** in the AI Skill) that this is not that important for small/mid sized shaders - only makes sense when you have a bigger application or shaders that are very big or have very many of them) - AI is prone to overusing solutions like those.

Author: Wouldn't it be better to just not mention it in the skill at all? Can we discuss it in #2650 ?

Reviewer: I am okay with the note added below
